ha I'm real hair see more well no
actually I'm will hair see in this video
which will be a series of videos I would
like to show you my 3 favorite licks
from some of my favorite guitarists and
for this first video we shall look at
known Tom Selleck one of my favorites
mr. Mick Ronson to get us in the
ballpark for the Mick Ronson sound I'm
using today an orange micro crush with a
very low battery so it sounds quite
fuzzy grungy and an eastwood ultra GP so
Liz Paula like is what we need for this
lick number one is based around a minor
pentatonic scale we're pretty much using
the boundaries of the scale we're
starting 14 on the G bending up Oh going
for 12 on the B Oh 12 on the e 15 on the
B 12 on the B 14 B 12 on the G Oh
sliding that back okay
Oh lick number two we can use on its own
or actually works quite well with lick
number one as well this one goes like
this so again we're an E minor
pentatonic using the boundaries we're
bending fourteen on the G tone there
then we're going for the B string and
we're doing a trill so in case don't
know trill is a hammer-on followed by
pull off so we're starting 12 on the be
hammering 15 coming back off to 12 and
then the true Ronson spur if we start
off slow and then builds momentum and
finish that off with a nice Bend 15 on
the be a pattern
faster so lick 1 & 2 together could
sound like this
so lick number three we're going for the
live version of hang on to yourself from
the final Ziggy concert goes like this
oh so this one is around the key of a
major
but we start off in the relative minor
which is f sharp minor so but this one
talking about 12-under be bending that
up a full tone - sander 14 then at the
same time hitting 12 on the e2 plugs are
their sustain for that nice country
sound so we need 5 of those on the fifth
one you need to do three plucks on the
eighth okay blow this then we're
finishing now with on the B string 12 10
still on the B we're down to eight
they'll Bend up and down pull off to
seven slide to five so all with one plug
for that ronson smoothness again
okay the next lick is we moved on to the
G fret 7 bending up and down we're doing
a hammer on from 6 pull off back to 6 as
a trill again so it's 6 7 6 hammer on
pull off and fine finishing 7 on the D
so all those licks separately from lick
and then altogether
so to recap his lick one lick two lick
three a little pointer would lick -
actually I didn't mention before the ER
is - when you play that repeat that as
much as you like as if you look at that
final concert the final Ziggy concert
he's doing that a plenty obviously
that's a great piece of guitar on there
so there are my three favorite licks
from Mick Ronson I hope you enjoyed it
and hopefully there'll be many more
videos with some of my other favourite
guitarists coming up in the future if
you like what you see please feel free
to subscribe and I'll catch you next
time